There are a few interesting
things that you can do here,
which is if you want values
from 0 to 1023, you're in luck.
Because you know what this emits?
Values from 0 to 1023.
That's good.
What if you're building something else?
What if you're building something where
you want the volume to go from 0 to 11,
right?
Or what if you're trying to, I don't know,
you're trying two RGB colors
that go from 0 to 255?
You can write math,
that's a thing that you can do.
[LAUGH] I was like, no,
I could write math.
I didn't get into JavaScript
to write math, right?
There's a world of 1 plus 1 equals true,
right?
I'm not [LAUGH] writing math.
[LAUGH] With that, I'll just show you
something real quick that you can do here.
You can do potentiometer, .scaleTo.
And we'll talk about some of
the other options because,
a lot of the other options.
So 0 to 100, right, I can save this,
restart the server,
And turn the knob.
I wonder why I didn't get what I wanted.
Let's try that.
Just be scale.
Now, I turn it, I go from 0 to 100.
It basically takes the full range and
just puts into whatever
range that you want, right?
So why don't we do this?
I've got an idea, and this is why I warned
you and go off script, and I'm going to.
So let's go ahead and let's hide
my bigger terminal for a moment.
Let's say, actually,
I don't need the terminal.
That big for a second.
Let's say we're gonna go from 0 to 255,
right?
And I'm gonna move this code
here where I have the socket
in scope, And we'll emit,
The potentiometer value.
One quick note is, just to show you,
even if you use a scale,
if you want the full one,
there's also a .raw.
That should be the raw value
from 0 to 1023 regardless.
So now we're also going to admit
that the potentiometer changed.
And if I go back into
the client side code,
we're gonna say socket.on, potentiometer.
We got the value and a raw.
Let's just console.log in for a second so
that I know that I
didn't mess anything up.
And I am gonna kill that server and
restart it.
Turn the knob, okay?
You can see both the raw value and
the regular one.
So it's all the way up.
The value, cuz I scaled it, is 255, but
the raw value is the original 1023,
like we expected.
I can turn the knob, and down it goes.
So what I'm gonna do now is
there's a lot of talk on,
people apparently like dark mode.
Which is, yeah, if I wanted a UI that
was less thought out than light mode,
I too would turn on dark mode.
I don't live in just dualities of
light mode and dark mode, right?
There's many shades.
That's kinda force users.
We know about the Sith and the Jedi,
but there's also Gray users as well.
So what we're gonna do is
document.body.style.backgroundcolor.
And we're gonna change the background
color of the body to where I have turned
the knob, right?
And now, we can figure out why,
yeah, I had to work on web pages, and
I said that I tried all different values.
Why am I doing that to myself
when I could just turn a knob and
try all the different values
of colors on my page, right?
This is a next level web development
that no one's talking about.
[LAUGH] Now, hypothetically,
I can turn down the lights
[LAUGH] on this web page.
[LAUGH] And I think what should really
happen is that there's, you can imagine,
we're gonna keep this code cuz I know
what the next sensor we're gonna grab is.
And I give you a hint,
it's gonna be the light sensor.
And I think I need a webpage that is
always the kind of light that's currently
in my house, right?
And that's what you see.
It's not about whether you're in light
mode or dark mode, it's whether or
not I'm in light mode or
dark mode is what you're gonna see.
So now we can reach over, we can turn
the knob on our page and slowly.
[LAUGH] Now, there's some contrast issues.
At one point too, I will leave
it as an exercise to the reader
to reverse the font color as well and
get all that working.
But generally speaking, and
do I set the button code?
Yes, I've got both.
[LAUGH] I got both press the button and
turn the knob.
Really, all I'm missing is some
way to trigger the LED, and
I think we started to tie it all together.
So I can have all of that kinda in place,
and we can see that now we've
got this fun interaction between
a lot of our different hardware.